Add blog post: previous-version CLI and SDK docs on the docs site (#20033)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/previous-cli-and-sdk-version-docs/index.md

---

> title: "New: Previous CLI and SDK Version Docs on pulumi.com"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "New: Versioned CLI and SDK Docs"
```

> date: 2026-07-01

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2026-07-03
```

        You no longer have to guess which parts of the reference still apply to your version. Here's what we shipped.
---

Pinned to an older Pulumi CLI or SDK version and finding that the docs describe a newer release? The [Pulumi CLI command reference](/docs/iac/cli/commands/) and the SDK API docs now include a version selector, so the documentation you're reading matches the version you're actually running.

<!--more-->

## How it works

When you open the [CLI command reference](/docs/iac/cli/commands/), you'll see a version dropdown near the top of the page, below the title. The SDK API docs carry the same dropdown in the upper-right corner. Choose a release, and the page loads the documentation generated for that exact version.

![Version selector near the top of the Pulumi CLI command reference](cli-version-selector.png)

![Version selector in the upper-right corner of the Pulumi Node.js SDK API docs](sdk-version-selector.png)

## What's available

Alongside the latest release, we keep immutable snapshots of previous versions. The CLI command reference and the Node.js, Python, .NET, and Java SDK API docs are all covered, so the matching docs are always a dropdown away.

> History reaches back to around v3.150.0 (early 2025); older CLI releases already prompt you to upgrade, so that makes a sensible floor. The Go SDK is versioned on [pkg.go.dev](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi/sdk/v3), so its documentation lives there rather than on the docs site.

Reviewer: Totally subjective suggestion here, just to tighten this up a bit — feel free to take it or leave it:

```suggestion
Alongside the latest release, we keep immutable snapshots of previous versions going back to v3.150.0 (early 2025). The CLI command reference and the Node.js, Python, .NET, and Java SDK API docs are all covered, so the docs you need are only a dropdown away. (The Go SDK is versioned on [pkg.go.dev](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/pulumi/pulumi/sdk/v3), so its documentation lives there rather than in the Pulumi docs.)
```

## Get started

> Head to the [CLI command reference](/docs/iac/cli/commands/) or the [SDK API docs](/docs/reference/) and try the version dropdown. If your projects pin specific releases, select your version and read the docs that match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Head to the [CLI command reference](/docs/iac/cli/commands/) or the [SDK API docs](/docs/reference/) and try the version dropdown. Selections are sticky, so when you navigate into a version, you'll be able to click around within that same version without having to choose it again. 
```
